Add troubleshooting guide for Key Vault (#26636)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/keyvault/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

    * [Operation Not Permitted](#operation-not-permitted)
    * [Access Denied to First Party Service](#access-denied-to-first-party-service)
* [Other Service Errors](#other-service-errors)
  * [HTTP 429: Too Many Request](#http-429-too-many-requests)

## Troubleshooting Authentication Issues

### HTTP 401 Errors

HTTP 401 errors may indicate problems authenticating.

#### Frequent HTTP 401 Errors in Logs

Most often, this is expected. Azure Key Vault issues a challenge for initial requests that force authentication. You may
see these errors most often during application startup, but may also see these periodically during the application's
lifetime when authentication tokens are near expiration.

If you are not seeing subsequent exceptions from the Key Vault SDKs, authentication challenges are likely the cause.

#### AKV10032: Invalid issuer

You may see an error similar to:

```text
Azure.RequestFailedException : Service request failed.
Status: 401 (Unauthorized)

Content:
{"error":{"code":"Unauthorized","message":"AKV10032: Invalid issuer. Expected one of https://sts.windows.net/{tenant 1}/, found https://sts.windows.net/{tenant 2}/."}}
```

> This is most often caused by being logged into a different tenant than the Key Vault authenticates.

Reviewer: Is the tenant discovery feature relevant here?

Author: Probably, but I'd expect that to be detailed in the Identity TSG, right?

Reviewer: I don't know, but we should mention it here too, in case they come at it from a Key Vault perspective.

Reviewer 2: "tenant discovery" isn't really a feature of Azure.Identity, but rather a feature of clients which can determine the authority / tenant via an auth challange.

@christothes what should this mention about tenant discovery? Just that the latest package supports it and to upgrade? There's nothing the user can do to configure it.

Reviewer: > "tenant discovery" isn't really a feature of Azure.Identity, but rather a feature of clients which can determine the authority / tenant via an auth challange.

I agree.

> @christothes what should this mention about tenant discovery? Just that the latest package supports it and to upgrade? There's nothing the user can do to configure it.

I think it makes the most sense for clients that support the feature to mention the version requirements. KV does this in its changelog. Snice there are so few that do, it may be misleading to mention it in Identity.

See our [DefaultAzureCredential] documentation to see the order credentials are read. You may be logged into a different
tenant for one credential that gets read before another credential. For example, you might be logged into Visual Studio
under the wrong tenant even though you're logged into the Azure CLI under the right tenant.

#### Other Authentication Issues

If you are using the `Azure.Identity` package - which contains [DefaultAzureCredential] - to authenticate requests to
Azure Key Vault, please visit our [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).

### HTTP 403 Errors

> HTTP 403 errors indicate the user is not authorized to perform a specific operation in Key Vault or Managed HSM.

Reviewer 2: This should probably mention that the user should confirm they are using the intended account, and contain links to more information about configuring KV/MHSM permissions.

#### Operation Not Permitted

You may see an error similar to:

```text
Azure.RequestFailedException : Service request failed.
Status: 403 (Forbidden)

Content:
{"error":{"code":"Forbidden","message":"Operation decrypt is not permitted on this key.","innererror":{"code":"KeyOperationForbidden"}}}
```

The operation and inner `code` may vary, but the rest of the text will indicate which operation is not permitted.

> This error indicates that the authenticated application nor users does not have permissions to perform that operation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that the authenticated application or user does not have permissions to perform that operation,
```

   If using the [DefaultAzureCredential] a different credential might've been used than one you expected.
   [Enable logging](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md#logging)
   and you will see which credential the [DefaultAzureCredential] used as shown below, and why previously-attempted credentials
   were rejected.

   ```text
   [Informational] DefaultAzureCredential credential selected: Azure.Identity.EnvironmentCredential
   ```

#### Access Denied to First Party Service

You may see an error similar to:

```text
Azure.RequestFailedException : Service request failed.
Status: 403 (Forbidden)

Content:
{"error":{"code":"Forbidden","message":"Access denied to first party service. ...","innererror":{"code":"AccessDenied"}}}
```

The error `message` may also contain the tenant ID (`tid`) and application ID (`appid`). This error may occur because:

1. You have the **Allow trust services** option enabled and are trying to access the Key Vault from a service not on
   [this list](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/general/overview-vnet-service-endpoints#trusted-services) of

>    trust services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   trusted services.
```

2. You are authenticated against a Microsoft Account (MSA) in Visual Studio or another credential provider. See
   [above](#operation-not-permitted) for troubleshooting steps.

## Other Service Errors

To troubleshoot additional HTTP service errors not described below,
visit [Azure Key Vault REST API Error Codes](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/general/rest-error-codes).

### HTTP 429: Too Many Requests

If you get an exception or see logs that describe HTTP 429, you may be making too many requests to Key Vault too quickly.

Possible solutions include:

> 1. Use a singleton for any `CertificateClient`, `KeyClient`, or `SecretClient` in your application for a single Key Vault.

Reviewer: Perhaps link to any general docs we have here about singleton clients being recommended in general?

Author: Not aware of any, and there are plenty of different configuration libraries out there people use. If you have something in mind I welcome input.

Author: I suppose I could link to one we maintain as an example, making clear it is only that: an example.

Reviewer 3: We have it as the recommended pattern in the blog article [Lifetime management for Azure SDK .NET clients](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/lifetime-management-and-thread-safety-guarantees-of-azure-sdk-net-clients/#client-lifetime).

> 2. Use a single instance of [DefaultAzureCredential] for each Key Vault or Managed HSM endpoint you need to access.

Reviewer: This can be misleading as a `DefaultAzureCredential` with no options configured will use a static instance that would be shared by any other clients.

Author: This is news to me, but I see from source now. Doesn't seem well advertised.

Reviewer: It's not and we've considered changing this behavior since it can cause some unintuitive problems.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should advertise this behavior here either. I think that suggesting to use a single instance of a credential is good advice. Also I don't think we should narrow this to DefaultAzureCrededntial. Just use a single instance of the credential?

Author: I'll add "or other credential use to authenticate your clients". I do like advertising DAC in general, but can just drop its name here entirely if that's preferred (unresolve the comment if you want to see this changed).

tenant for one credential that gets read before another credential. For example, you might be logged into Visual Studio
under the wrong tenant even though you're logged into the Azure CLI under the right tenant.

You can also explicitly set the tenant ID for a multi-tenant application if you reference `Azure.Identity` version

> 1.5.0 or newer and any of the following Key Vault SDK package versions or newer:

Reviewer: Wasn't this already the behavior available? I thought the new behavior to call out is the ability to not specify the tenant Id and have it auto-discovered via the challenge.

Author: Was that it? That info was so last year. I can change this, but this information isn't really wrong either. Should we just nix all the stuff about setting the tenant ID explicitly and mention auto-discovery then? Maybe Identity could document either approach. Maybe.

Author: Fixed with @schaabs help.
